[DRUMBEAT RESONATES]
[MAN BREATHING HEAVILY]
-MAN: Thank you.
-DOCTOR 1: Yeah, yeah...
[GROANS]
[YAWNS]
Oh. [GROANS] Ah.
Did you prepare for the test?
[SIGHS]
I should really quit drinking.
It doesn't help.
[SIGHS]
If we can become
royal physicians,
we will be very wealthy.
They're hiring acupuncturists
this time, right?
Last year Hwang
got a position at the palace,
and now he's bought a house.
DOCTOR 2: Is it big?
DOCTOR 1: Oh,
it's a huge mansion.
GYEONG-SU: Ah,
I should've been nicer to Hwang.
Why?
Are you gonna take the exam?
Yeah.
I'd like to try.
Right. Gyeong-su,
you should try to get rich, too.
Oh! Sure,
Gyeong-su can get rich.
TEACHER: Finish up in here.
-DOCTOR 1: Sir.
-TEACHER: Prepare
for the visitation.
Yes, sir.
-Oh, he's here!
He's here, hurry up!
-He's here. Quick.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Sir Lee Hyung-ik,
Head Royal Physician.
DOCTOR 1: The pulse
is irregular.
It could be a sign of pregnancy.
His energy seems very low.
He's in need of acupuncture,
right away, or he could die.
Shall I administer treatment?
[SIGHS]
This thread is a bit different
from what I usually use.
I think he is sick in the mind
rather than the body, sir.
-[SCOFFS]
-One moment, sir.
How about seeing them
perform acupuncture?
I've already seen enough.
I believe
he's had a stroke, sir.
How dare you talk
out of place like that?
You're a blind man.
How did you know that?
I heard him walking with a limp
as he entered earlier, sir.
And his breathing
is short and irregular.
It was probably brought about
by his reckless
and impatient personality.
How are you able to diagnose him
without feeling his pulse?
It's nonsense to feel the pulse
with a thread, sir.
How dare you speak
that way to the...
It began as a method of being
able to provide diagnoses
without touching
the ladies of the court.
But we must talk
with the patients
in order to diagnose them,
to be honest, sir.
How would you then
treat him with acupuncture?
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
Oh!
-[GIGGLING]
-KID 1: Ah!
-KID 2: Oh, no!
-KID 3: Yeah!
KID 1: Over here! Over here!
-KID 2: Throw it!
-[ALL GIGGLING]
-KID 3: Yeah!
-KID 2: Throw it again!
Brother!
-Ah!
-[BOTH LAUGHING]
Hey, haven't I warned you
about running? Huh?
BUTCHER: You did it!
Congratulations!
You got a position
in the palace, Gyeong-su,
you'll be rich!
BUTCHER'S WIFE: [LAUGHS] I knew
you would make it one day.
He always works so hard.
Try this.
BUTCHER: It's like
they say, huh?
Good things will come
to those who live honestly.
BUTCHER'S WIFE:
Mmm, that's right.
-[LAUGHING]
-Here you are.
BUTCHER: What, uh,
is there a problem? Hmm?
GYEONG-SU: No,
not at all. Thank you.
GYEONG-JAE: Why do you
always let people
get away with things?
When I'm a royal physician...
[SIGHS] everything
will be all right.
Here.
Eat.
[CHUCKLES]
-Delicious, right?
-Mmm.
[CHUCKLES]
When I return from the palace,
I'll buy us a house,
cure you of your illness,
and everything will be great.
Gyeong-jae, I won't be allowed
to leave the palace
for quite some time at first.
Why? For how long?
There's gonna be so much
I'll have to learn.
I'll have to say there
a month or so.
But then after that,
I can commute from here.
You said the same thing
when you went to find
herbs in the mountains.
That's true.
But that took longer
because you wanted
mountain roots.
I had to find those too.
You really feasted
on those roots too, remember?
[GYEONG
-JAE BREATHING HEAVILY]
Gyeong-jae.
Are you all right?
[GYEONG
-JAE MOANING]
DEALER: Get out of here!
When I get paid from the palace,
then I'll be able to pay
for everything.
-[DEALER GRUNTS]
-Please.
I'll have it in one month.
Then you can come back
in one month.
You know that Gyeong-jae
will die without the herbs, sir.
Oh, get off!
You owe me
so much money already!
What are you thinking?
[WHIMPERS]
GYEONG-SU: Make sure
to take your medicine
when I'm not here.
[SLURPS]
I don't have anyone else
but you.
[SIGHS] Don't worry,
I'll be back soon.
Just be patient for one month.
[BLOWS]
Now, in the palace,
pretend you didn't
hear anything,
and didn't see anything.
Ah... That shouldn't
be hard for you. [LAUGHS]
Anyway, you must
hold your tongue
at all times, okay?
[WOMEN LAUGHING]
[LAUGHS] They must
have a thing for handsome men.
Don't concern yourself
with them.
It's just, women
naturally find me attractive.
Huh, uh.
Isn't the palace
in the other direction?
No!
It's this way.
This is a new shortcut.
Let's go.
[COMICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
It's right along this way.
If you must give an answer,
just say, "Yes, yes, yes."
Got it?
Hmm.
In the palace, there are places
we are allowed to go,
and places that
we must never go,
so you have to pay
very careful attention.
For example, you must
never go anywhere near
the high ladies of the court.
Ah, watch your step there.
This is the Royal Clinic.
All the medicine cabinets
are right at hand, over there,
and that's the storehouse.
[CHUCKLES]
Ah. That's right, you can't see.
Ah, come this way. Yeah.
Here. Have a seat.
Sit down right here.
There you go,
there you go. Okay.
You can stay here
and wait, okay?
I'll come back
with your uniform.
[CRUNCHES]
[CRUNCHING CONTINUES]
[GRINDING]
[PAPER RUSTLING]
[LIQUID DRIPPING]
[FLAME CRACKLING]
WOMAN:
Finish what you're doing
and go to lunch! Let's go.
You're new here, you can't
touch the medicine yet.
You don't even know what it is.
Don't be so hard
on our new arrival.
I saw him touching the poison.
MAN-SHIK: He couldn't have
known that it was poison.
I'll caution him about that.
Just let it go for now.
Pssh!
Why that... Little rat
has a huge temper
for someone that size.
Ugh.
Here, have a seat.
Sit down, sit down. Ah, come on.
As we work to save lives
here at the Royal Clinic,
hierarchy must be maintained.
[CLEARS THROAT]
-But...
-What?
Why is there poison kept here?
To make the execution drink.
Oh, sorry. [CHUCKLES]
Here, have some.
You have to be
on night shift duty
every other day.
I don't sleep very much, anyway.
So, I can help you
the first few times.
No need to worry, huh?
-[THUDS]
-Oh.
Please go to sleep, sir,
if you're tired.
What?
I never go to sleep
on night duty.
I'll just go over there
and find a book to read.
Ah, I just thought,
you don't need the light, right?
I'll go put out the candles.
[QUIETLY]
He has such keen senses.
[GYEONG
-SU COUGHS]
[SNORING]
Women find him attractive, huh?
Cordyceps... Styptic Weed...
Dear Gyeong-jae,
it's quite cold at night.
Are you keeping well?
It feels as if it's
already been half a month
that we've been apart.
Everyone at the Royal Clinic
is kind and good.
I have meat in every meal,
and I'm very comfortable here.
This way! This way!
[CHUCKLES]
Oh!
[LAUGHS]
Now, as soon as you come out,
the East Gate is to your right.
-[WOMAN GIGGLES]
-[GASPS]
[WHISPERS] Don't worry.
He's blind. He can't see us.
[GRUNTS]
Newcomer, sort out
all these herbs here.
Understood?
[YOUNG DOCTOR 1]
Hey, how can you expect
a blind man to do that?
[CHUCKLES]
It's to teach him a lesson.
[BOTH MOANING, GIGGLING]
[BOTH GROAN]
I'll purchase some food,
and I'll be home
in two weeks' time.
Until then, don't forget
to take your medicine
and stay healthy.
[MAN
-SHIK HUMMING]
-You seem very excited today.
-What?
No, I'm not.
Ah, there are only
three days remaining
until the Crown Prince's return.
Oh... the Crown Prince
has been a hostage
in Qing now for almost...
Eight long years.
The Crown Prince's son,
Prince Seok-chul,
has never even seen his parents.
It's why he has that problem.
Problem?
Listen,
only the members
of the Royal Clinic know.
Prince Seok-chul
is ten years old
but still wets his pants.
You mustn't tell anyone.
Yes, sir.
-Lady Cho is ill.
-[GASPS]
She has a severe stomachache.
Cho... Lady... Lady Cho, ma'am.
Yes. I... I will...
call a royal nurse
right away, m'lady.
HYUNG
-IK: There's no need.
We have a blind acupuncturist.
What are you doing?
Bow to Lady Cho.
You're the new acupuncturist.
Yes, Your Highness.
Come with me.
LADY CHO: My lower abdomen
feels cold and I can't
digest anything.
Uh...
I'll treat her
with acupuncture, sir.
You may proceed.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
[LADY CHO SIGHS]
Will you take all night
to do this?
You've done well in finding
a good acupuncturist.
HYUNG-IK: I thank you,
Your Highness.
Your Highness, the Crown Prince
has departed from Uiju.
I guess my body is just reacting
to the Crown Prince's
return from Qing.
Chills may be brought on
as a result of anxiety.
It is best not to worry
too much, Your Highness.
I'm not worried about me.
I'm worried about my son.
This is from His Majesty.
[SIGHS]
[WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY]
There.
Did you see?
If you tell anyone
you saw me doing that,
you'll be punished!
-MAID 1: Prince Seok-chul!
-MAID 2: Prince Seok-chul!
BOTH: Prince Seok-chul!
-Prince Seok-chul!
Have you seen
the Prince anywhere?
I'm a blind man, ma'am.
Prince Seok-chul!
-MAID 1: Prince Seok-chul!
-MAID 2: Prince Seok-chul!
MAID 1: Prince Seok-chul!
Is it true,
you can't see anything?
Yes, Your Highness.
How long have you been that way?
I've been blind
ever since I was born, sir.
Then...
you were never able to
see your parents' faces.
Yes, I'm not able
to see anything.
MAID 1: Prince Seok-chul!
-MAID 2: Prince Seok-chul!
-MAID 3: Prince Seok-chul!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[COUGHS]
Is the restorative ready?
I've had word, my father
may be arriving at any moment.
It is ready, sir.
I'm quite sure the Crown Prince
will be very pleased
if you were the one
who gave it to him.
This is Cheon,
the acupuncturist.
Your Highness,
here is the restorative.
Let's go! We must hurry!
Why isn't anyone here
for his return?
Grandfather!
Grandfather! Grandfather!
His Majesty, the King,
is lying down with an illness.
If the King is too ill
to attend the welcoming
of the Crown Prince after
being away for eight years,
then as chief councilor,
I must check
on His Majesty's condition.
Come with me.
If you dare
to take one more step,
I will have your heads removed.
PREMIER CHOI:
His Majesty is ill!
Why is the royal physician
not attending to him?
LADY CHO: These are
the royal chambers.
You should keep yourself focused
on matters in the Council Hall.
[EXHALES]
If the chief councilor
cannot check
on the health of the King,
then I shall resign.
Please enter, sir.
PREMIER CHOI: The Crown Prince
and the Qing envoy
have arrived, sir.
Please come with me...
to welcome them.
[EXHALES]
The Qing Dynasty is now
in command of the world, sir.
But the Crown Prince
has returned home
with Qing's blessing.
Is that not a joyous occasion
worthy of celebrating?
[EXHALES]
CHAMBERLAIN: Your Majesty,
the Crown Prince has arrived.
My son.
Darling...
I am your mother.
[CRIES] My son.
[CRYING]
Oh, Mama...
My son.
SEOK
-CHUL: Father...
[CRYING]
Your Highness.
Where is my father, the King?
[CLEARS THROAT, SIGHS]
CHAMBERLAIN:
Make way for His Majesty!
You've done very well...
my son.
[HORSE NEIGHS]
[HORSE TROTTING]
[SIGHS]
[HORSE GROWLS]
Make way for the Emperor!
[IN OTHER LANGUAGE]
I have brought with me
the Emperor's edict.
Crown Prince!
Come here and translate.
My father is kneeling.
How can I?
Your interpreter should...
Come here.
[IN ENGLISH]
What is he saying to you...
that savage?
He's saying
that I must translate.
[IN OTHER LANGUAGE] Now.
What is the King saying?
Tell me what he said!
[COUGHS]
[IN ENGLISH] Your Highness,
please go up
and translate for him
before it escalates further.
[IN OTHER LANGUAGE]
I did not come here
to be disrespected like this.
I shall leave at once.
I'll do it.
[SPEAKING OTHER LANGUAGE]
[IN ENGLISH] When I recall
the Battle of Namhansanseong
and the trouble
you put me through
eight years ago...
[SPEAKING OTHER LANGUAGE]
[IN ENGLISH] I... I ought to...
dethrone your position
as the King of Joseon.
[SPEAKING OTHER LANGUAGE]
[IN ENGLISH]
Know that my generosity is only
at your son's earnest request.
PRINCESS KANG: Those are boxes
containing gifts.
Please take good care of them.
Yes, Your Highness.
Take those things inside.
-Put those things
in the second room.
-MAN-SHIK: Oh!
So pretty! Wow!
She hasn't changed at all!
Is your sweetheart here, sir?
[GASPS]
You startled me.
PREMIER CHOI:
That was dangerous.
How could the King call
the Qing envoy... a savage?
The Qing envoy
speaks Korean well.
But he spoke in his language
because he's trying
to make us recognize...
that Qing is above us now.
[SIGHS]
It appears the eight years
you spent in Qing...
were not time wasted, sir.
[CHUCKLES]
Your Highness...
you must prepare
for a new era to begin.
A new era?
The Empire of Ming
has fallen, and Qing...
has become
the new master of the world.
Joseon must quickly
accept the situation,
and adapt with the times.
Not be left behind.
Everything must change,
because if it doesn't,
Joseon will also fall.
It's up to His Majesty whether
things will change or not.
Are you aware
of this year's harvest, sir?
All across the countryside,
many of our people
are starving to death!
[COUGHING]
PREMIER CHOI: Your Highness...
please take charge.
For the sake of Joseon.
Are you suggesting...
that I overthrow my father
and ascend to the throne
as a usurper?
[PREMIER CHOI CHUCKLES]
Of course not, My Lord.
However,
I suggest you keep yourself
prepared at all times,
Your Majesty.
What did he say?
[EXHALES]
What will you do now?
If the path is blocked,
we must make a new one.
PRINCE SOHYEON: This is a model
of how our land really looks.
From here, men travel
in great ships to Beijing,
bringing with them many items
like new goods and books.
See here.
This is Joseon.
This small area is...
Is this what
the savages taught you?
Father, listen.
Qing has accepted
the Western culture,
and continues to grow every day.
Please don't cling to the past,
you must look to the future.
Do you not understand
the reason why
I am dressed in these robes?
Are you still occupied with
what happened eight years ago
in Namhansanseong?
KING INJO: What?
Occupied?
Listen.
We must follow Ming.
That is how we will regain
the legitimacy of Joseon,
and protect our future.
Father, Ming is ruined already.
I witnessed it myself
when I was in Beijing.
Father,
please think of Qing
as a friend,
and accept the new cultures
and their knowledge
of the world.
That is the best way for Joseon
and for you, Your Majesty!
Do you really not know
what the best way is for me?
View Qing as a friend?
Would you?
We must change.
If we don't accept that...
Joseon will fall to ruin.
Ah...
Your perceptions have changed.
[COUGHS]
[COUGHING CONTINUES]
Are you still unable to sleep,
because of your cough?
I'm all right.
Keep a trusted royal physician
close to you...
and have it taken care of.
I heard about you from my son.
He said that
you took good care of him.
I just did my duty, sir.
His Royal Highness
has become weak
from the long journey.
Will you treat His Highness
and restore his health?
As your humble servant,
I shall do my best, sir.
Thank you.
This acupuncturist
will help me to treat you.
His name is Cheon, sir.
I... see that he's blind.
Don't worry, Mother.
They say that the blind
are better at acupuncture.
PRINCESS KANG: [LAUGHS]
And how do you know that?
Treat His Highness well.
Yes, Your Highness.
[DOOR OPENS]
I'm Court Maid Seo
who serves the Crown Prince.
Is the royal physician inside?
He's not in the palace, ma'am.
His Highness is coughing badly.
You must accompany me.
I cannot treat anyone alone.
It's one of the rules
of the Royal Clinic.
And are rules more important
to you than treating sickness?
Follow me.
[COUGHING]
I know my lungs
have been damaged.
Will you be able to cure them?
I am just an acupuncturist, sir.
Is there something
you would like to say?
No, Your Highness.
Please, tell me.
Would you turn a blind eye
to your patient's condition?
Your body is very tense,
and hard to the touch,
Your Highness.
Excessive worry prevents
good blood circulation, sir.
Please unburden your mind
to aid in your recovery.
Seo, open the windows.
I believe my cough has subsided.
COURT MAID SEO:
I shall bring you a light, sir.
PRINCE SOHYEON:
My father, the King...
His hands
have become quite cold.
Would you treat him
for me as well?
How would a humble man like me
dare to treat His Majesty?
I'm asking you.
Yes, Your Highness.
I thank you.
Now I am going to insert
a needle in your neck
to alleviate your stress,
Your Highness.
Wait.
You can see.
No, Your Highness.
Are you attempting to fool me?
I would not dare,
Your Highness.
Will you continue in this lie?
[BREATH TREMBLING]
I'm finished
being treated by him.
Let's go.
[CRYING]
[COUGHING]
[CLEARS THROAT]
[DOOR OPENS]
Follow me.
If you can't see,
how did you write letters
to your brother?
Sir, I know
it's hard to believe, sir,
when there is light,
I cannot see anything at all,
but I am able to see somewhat,
when it is dark, Your Highness.
I deserve to die, but if I did,
my brother will die.
I am the only one that he has.
Please forgive me, sir.
Why did you claim you can't see,
when sometimes you can?
People don't want
to have a blind man
who can see things, sir.
How old is your brother?
Huh?
Uh... ten years old, sir.
He's the same age as my son.
[COUGHS]
How would you take care of it?
Sir?
You said I have an ailment
disrupting my blood circulation.
What must be done
in order to cure me of it?
Your Highness, please forgive me
for having spoken out-of-bounds.
Will you keep pretending
that you don't know
and cannot see?
Sometimes
it's healthier to pretend
that you cannot see, sir.
Are you suggesting that
I should become a blind man?
There is no need
for someone like you
to pretend to be blind, sir.
Humble people like us
must pretend we don't know,
and cannot see.
That's how I was able
to come here, sir.
You are ill
because you can see things
and try to set them right.
Court Maid Seo.
Put the candles out.
It's a magnifying glass.
In these pages,
you miswrote several characters.
To be a royal physician,
you're going to have
to learn to write properly.
It may be healthier
not to, but we must see,
and we must take action
on what we know.
Also...
we must always
keep our eyes wide open.
HYUNG-IK: I am pleased
your cough has subsided, sir.
I have prepared
some medicine for you
which will
reduce your fever, sir.
As my physician is exceptional,
my illness
must have run from fear.
[HYUNG
-IK LAUGHS]
-What?
-Is this
the right place to insert?
Acupuncturist...
as His Highness's condition
has improved,
he's sent you a reward.
It's a precious medicine
for heart disease,
which he brought from Qing.
It should be of help
to you in treating
your brother's illness.
[GASPS]
[SCOFFS SOFTLY]
Yeah! [LAUGHS]
Congratulations!
You're faster
than I thought, huh?
When you're a huge success,
you won't forget me, eh?
You're going home
in two days, right?
Whoa! Would you look at...
[CHUCKLES]
That's so nice!
They've given you medicine
to cure your little brother!
[CHUCKLES]
[SEOK-CHUL
AND PRINCESS KANG CHUCKLE]
Come on, Father! Hurry up!
I can write
as well as you, Father!
I practice my characters
every day.
[LAUGHS]
[IMPERCEPTIBLE]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
OFFICIAL 1:
Isn't the Crown Prince still
on good terms with Qing?
OFFICIAL 2: If the Crown Prince
sides with us,
Qing will agree to what we want.
Mother!
PRINCESS KANG:
Oh, my darling son,
did you sleep well?
-Yes, Mother.
-Ah!
You've done well.
[DOOR OPENS]
COURT MAID SEO:
Where is the royal physician?
Royal physician!
[PANTING]
The Crown Prince has fallen ill,
and His Highness is unconscious.
HYUNG
-IK: It's malaria.
Do you have
the Japanese Orixa from Qing?
-Yes.
-HYUNG-IK: Go and boil some now.
-Yes, sir.
-HYUNG-IK: We must
bring his fever down.
Moisten some silk cloths for me.
Over here!
-[CLANGS]
-Yes, sir.
[ERRATIC HEARTBEAT]
[PRINCE SOHYEON CHOKING]
Silk cloth! Hurry!
Yes... Yes, sir.
[PRINCE SOHYEON PANTING]
[SNIFFS]
[MUFFLED GROANING]
[GROANING]
HYUNG
-IK: What are you doing?
Give me the cloth.
Now, sir?
Did you say you need...
another damp cloth?
[SIGHS]
HYUNG
-IK: Your Highness,
your fever has subsided.
You can rest assured, sir.
-Hurry up.
-Yes, ma'am.
We have reduced his fever.
-[SIGHS IN RELIEF]
-HYUNG-IK: He just
fell asleep a moment ago.
Tomorrow, give him that
first thing in the morning.
COURT MAID SEO: Yes, sir.
Thank you for your hard work.
You did well there.
Go to your quarters
and get some sleep.
[GASPS]
HYUNG-IK:
Is His Highness still asleep?
[FAST HEARTBEAT]
[GASPS]
[CLATTERS]
[SOFT RATTLE]
[RATTLING SOFTLY]
[GROANS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[GASPS]
What is it, sir?
I... just saw...
someone jump and run away
from His Highness's window.
-Find him.
-GUARD: Yes, sir.
[THUMPS]
Wake up! It's an emergency!
Everybody, wake up!
What's happening?
Hurry!
-Move it! Search the grounds!
-Yes, sir!
[PANTS]
COURT MAID SEO:
Acupuncturist Cheon!
How could...
How could something like this
have happened?
-Oh...
-GUARD: Acupuncturist Cheon!
PRINCESS KANG:
I must see it for myself!
-Step aside!
-LADY CHO: What?
How could this have happened?
Get out of my way at once!
[DOOR OPENS]
Make way!
By royal command,
no one is allowed to enter.
You damned fool!
[KING INJO SOBBING]
[SOBBING]
SEOK
-CHUL: Father! Father!
Father! [GROANS]
Prince Seok-chul!
SEOK
-CHUL: Father! No! No!
Father!
He had symptoms of malaria,
so I wiped him down
with wet silk
to reduce his fever
and performed acupuncture.
Malaria?
HYUNG
-IK: Yes, sir.
Once he was stable,
both Cheon and I
watched him fall asleep
and then left, Your Highness.
Is it true, what he says?
Yes, sir.
If it was only malaria,
why was there blood
from his eyes, ears,
nose, and mouth?
Why did his face turn black?
This poison
is from the Royal Clinic.
The symptoms he displayed
were the same as those
that arise from using this!
Someone must have
used this poison
to cause
the Crown Prince's death!
I saw a man run away, sir.
Who did you see?
Tell me everything
that you witnessed.
I was concerned
about His Highness,
and went back
around ten o'clock.
Then I saw a man
jump out of the window
and run from
His Highness' chambers.
And, sir, he injured his leg
on a hinge as he jumped.
CHIEF ROYAL GUARD:
It's true, sir.
We found blood
on one of the hinges.
You believe it was
he who poisoned
the Crown Prince?
Under the circumstances,
the one who has an injured leg
must be who poisoned him, sir.
PREMIER CHOI: Your Majesty.
We must inform Qing at once.
You promised Qing that
the Crown Prince would succeed
to the throne, sir.
If we neglect to inform Qing
about the Crown Prince's death,
the humiliation
at Namhansanseong
could happen again, sir.
[TREMBLES]
[GROANS]
-[ALL GASPING]
-COURT OFFICIAL: Your Majesty!
Oh! Your Majesty!
Royal physician!
Treat His Majesty now!
Uh, yes!
Your Majesty!
It appears to be Bell's palsy.
Cheon! Did you
bring your needles?
Yes.
Quickly,
insert needles around his chin
and his cheeks.
Yes, sir.
Lock all of the palace gates.
Find that the man
with the injured leg.
I'll catch that bastard,
and then I'll rip him to shreds.
-What is the meaning of this?
-Get outside!
-GUARD 1: Get in line!
-GUARD 2: Get into a line!
Move it!
We must find the injured man!
Search every one of them!
COURT MAID SEO: Your Highness!
Your Highness!
PRINCESS KANG:
Tell me what's happened.
The Crown Prince has...
been poisoned... to death,
Your Highness.
-What?
-But,
the blind acupuncturist
who treated His Highness...
PRINCESS KANG:
What are you doing?
-Oh! Your Highness!
Your Highness! Your Highness!
-Who gave these orders?
-Your Highness!
Your Highness, please!
-Let them go at once!
-Let go of me!
-MAID 1: Let go of me!
-[MAIDS SCREAMING]
-COURT MAID SEO: Let go!
MAID 1: Your Highness!
[DOOR HINGE SQUEAKING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[CLOTHES RUFFLING]
[DOOR RATTLING]
[GASPS]
Do you expect me
to believe this?
Milady...
Lee Hyung-ik
took care of my son.
Why would he poison
the Crown Prince?
But...
Your Highness...
Is anyone there?
He inserted poisoned needles
into His Highness.
There will be poison
on that needle.
I injured my leg
when I went back to save
the Crown Prince, Your Highness.
Are you telling me
that you can actually see?
GYEONG-SU: I am able to see
somewhat in the dark.
His Highness noticed my efforts
in trying to write...
and bestowed this
to assist me.
By any chance,
do you know where
the Qing magnifying glass is?
[SIGHS] It's finally found
its rightful owner. [CHUCKLES]
His Highness knew
that I could see slightly,
and he kept it a secret.
Why would I poison someone
to whom I am grateful?
Lee Hyung-ik
is the one who poisoned him?
Yes, Your Highness.
I will take this letter
directly to His Majesty.
I'll send for you
if you are needed.
Stay in hiding
and don't get caught until then.
Yes, ma'am.
[GROANS]
GUARD 1: There are
a hundred or so
that we have yet to check.
The guards are examining
every person here.
-Make haste.
-Yes, sir.
Hold it.
Do you work in the Royal Clinic?
Have you been examined?
What is your name?
I asked you for your name.
HYUNG-IK:
What are you doing here?
His Majesty is suffering
from paralysis. Let's go.
Uh, but sir, I have orders.
I must examine this man now.
Did you not hear what I said?
His Majesty needs treatment.
Sir.
[KING INJO EXHALES]
I will insert needles
down His Majesty's spine, sir.
You may proceed.
CHAMBERLAIN:
Crown Princess Kang's family
sent this abalone soup,
Your Majesty.
COURT MAID SEO: Your Majesty.
You need to remain strong
during this very difficult time.
The paralysis may have come
from having low energy, sir.
How can I eat...
at such a terrible time as this?
I meant no disrespect, sir.
Reduce my meals
by half from now on.
I shall write my son's
funeral oration myself.
Inform the royal secretariat.
Yes, Your Majesty.
[GROANS SOFTLY]
You're a fine acupuncturist,
even though you cannot see.
Or can you?
You will be my acupuncturist
from now on.
[GROANS]
I am greatly honored
and humbled, Your Majesty.
MAID: The Crown Princess
has arrived.
KING INJO: Enter.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Are you all right, dear?
You must stay strong
at a time like this.
You must think of your son.
What is that?
A letter given to me
by a witness.
A witness?
What witness is that?
What do you mean?
Royal Physician Lee
did not see the killer,
but the witness, sir.
Crown Princess Kang.
What are you...
What are you trying to say?
It was Lee Hyung-ik!
He poisoned the Crown Prince,
and blamed the murder
on the witness, Your Majesty!
It's not true, sir.
I'm falsely accused!
This poisoned needle
was in his head.
It belongs to you, doesn't it?
[MUSIC TRILLING]
He dropped a needle?
That clumsy, sloppy imbecile!
[MUSIC CHIMES SHARLY]
Remove the needles.
What are you doing?
Yes... Yes, Your Majesty.
Huh.
Who is the witness?
Bring him to me.
The witness is...
The royal physician
did nothing wrong.
I was with him, Your Majesty.
Really?
Tell me.
Who is the person
who witnessed it?
Come on! Tell me at once!
Well...
[KING INJO EXHALES]
Dear...
[EXHALES]
Who is it?
Huh?
Why...
His Majesty is asking.
KING INJO: Your family...
sent this abalone to me.
[CRIES]
Taste this.
[MUFFLED GROAN]
[CHOKES]
[CHOKING]
[COUGHING]
What? How could
such a thing happen?
Poison in His Majesty's meal?
Guards,
seize that traitorous wench
at once!
You see? You see?
This evil wench tried
to poison her father-in-law!
-Take her away!
-He was your son!
That wench must be punished!
How could you do that?
How could you do that
to your own son?
We must immediately notify Qing
of the Crown Prince's death.
What good would that do?
Will it save the Crown Princess
from these false charges?
We must find
the real culprit first.
Who else do you suppose
it could be?
It must be Lady Cho.
We must clear
the Crown Princess' name,
and throw Lady Cho in jail.
We lack the one thing
we need to do that...
evidence.
LADY CHO:
You dropped a poisoned needle?
How could you?
You said we could trust you.
You even recruited
a blind man for this.
What happened?
KING INJO: [WHISPERING]
Quiet, quiet!
What did
the witness see exactly?
What will happen
if he tells what he saw?
Explain... Explain yourself!
Tell...
[GRUNTS]
[WHISPERS]
Keep it down! They'll hear you!
You're so loud,
they'll hear you
outside the gates!
-Your Majesty...
-Keep your voice down!
Whisper!
What are you doing?
People will begin
to suspect something
if they see me with you.
I'll send orders later
to you by letter.
Get out of here! Go!
-[PANTING]
-Hurry!
[DOOR SLIDES]
[GASPS]
By the way...
the letters I sent you...
did you burn all of them?
Yes, Your Majesty.
You aren't holding on
to them to use as a threat
against me later, are you?
Why would I, sir?
If anything goes wrong,
I will arrest...
your aging mother
and young children,
gouge out their eyes...
and rip out their tongues.
SEOK
-CHUL: Mama! Mama!
Seok-chul.
Seok-chul!
[CRYING] My son!
-Mama.
-It's all right. Don't worry.
Mom, Mom, Mom!
I'll go and see Grandfather.
I'll ask him
to rescue you from here...
-No, you mustn't! You mustn't!
-Grandfather will...
Never go to the King.
-Go to the chief councilor.
-What?
Wouldn't it be better
if I went to Grandfather?
-Not the King.
-GUARD: You must leave, sir.
-My son!
-Ow! Get off me! Mother!
-GUARD: Let go, sir!
-SEOK-CHUL: Mother!
The blind man saw everything.
Tell him
the blind man saw everything.
-Mama!
-No, no... Seok-chul!
[WOMAN CRYING]
Milady! Court Maid Seo!
I'll be right back
with help! I promise!
Royal physician!
Court Maid Seo
is in critical condition
after being interrogated!
-Please save her!
-There should be
a physician there.
[CRIES] There's no one, sir!
Please go and take care
of Court Maid Seo.
I beg you, sir!
All right, then.
Go and wait. I'll be there soon.
[GASPS]
You... It's you!
Sir... Sir!
It is! It is!
It was you!
You're the one
who killed the Crown Prince!
Court Maid Seo
is dying because of you!
And you can see!
You lied to me!
SEOK
-CHUL: You can see?
Did you see what happened?
My mother told me you did.
What was it you saw?
Tell me what you saw!
Lee Hyung-ik...
poisoned the Crown Prince,
Your Highness.
His Majesty is the one...
who ordered him to do it.
That's a lie!
I'll go and ask Grandfather
what really happened.
-You mustn't, sir.
-No, Your Highness!
If you go,
you'll be in danger, too!
Grandfather ordered someone
to kill my father?
That's not possible.
Your Highness!
If you go to His Majesty now,
both you and the Crown Princess
will die!
Let go!
You mustn't go, sir.
His Majesty
has been lying to you!
Let go!
GYEONG-SU: When your mother
discovered what happened,
he locked her in jail.
[GASPS]
You saw everything.
Why didn't you testify?
Let's go!
Tell them everything you saw!
Because you didn't
tell them what you saw,
my mother's a prisoner in jail.
It's all your fault!
[SOBBING]
I have a younger brother
who is ill.
-[SNIFFLES]
-If I tell them
what I saw,
he'll die for certain.
Humble people
like he and I must pretend
we don't see anything
in order to survive.
That's how I got by
and struggled to get
where I am now, sir.
After eight years of waiting,
my father has passed away...
and my mother
is being held captive.
And now I have no one.
I lived without seeing
my mother's face
for all that time.
You said you didn't
see your parents as well.
Please save my mother for me.
[CRYING]
His Majesty...
is the one
who's behind all of this.
What could
a humble man like me do?
[CRYING] Oh... Oh, sir.
Sir...
Sir!
And now what?
The King is the culprit...
but we can't seize him.
Wait.
What about the chief councilor?
Who would believe a testimony
where the only witness is blind?
Right.
And there isn't any evidence.
Just the same,
you must stay alive.
There must be somewhere
you can hide.
This is from His Majesty.
Huh? What...
What are you doing?
-The silk...
-Silk?
I saw him receive something.
Wait.
I think that I may have seen it.
[GASPS]
Grandfather ordered Lee Hyung-ik
to use poison to kill my father.
The blind man...
it was he who told me that.
A blind man?
His Majesty sent this letter
to Lee Hyung-ik, sir.
This is not His Majesty's hand.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Yes, it is.
I've seen Grandfather
write like this before.
Grandfather...
Hmm?
Why can I still not write well?
[CHUCKLES]
KING INJO: See?
I still can't
write well, either.
Hey! You wrote that
with your left hand.
Hey! [CHUCKLES]
SEOK-CHUL: He wrote it
with his left hand.
I've seen him do it before.
This can't be used as evidence.
Grandfather wrote this.
I know it.
Why can't we use it?
There's no way
to prove that's also
His Majesty's handwriting.
Unless he wrote something
with his left hand
in front of other people.
Sir...
I can make His Majesty's
right hand go numb.
Do you realize
the full implication
of what you just said?
Bell's palsy can't be cured
with one acupuncture treatment.
The numbness
must have worsened by now.
I'll pretend to treat him
and make his right hand go numb.
Please find an important reason
for His Majesty to have to write
something with his other hand.
PREMIER CHOI:
Are you suggesting
that I gather soldiers
and start a rebellion?
GYEONG-SU:
Sir, I am just
an acupuncturist.
PREMIER CHOI: I must
put my trust in a blind man...
and change the King of Joseon?
SOLDIER: Hurry!
SEOK-CHUL: What made you
change your mind?
It's for my survival, sir.
Thank you.
GUARD: What brings physicians
here at this hour?
His Majesty must receive
acupuncture right away.
No one informed me of that.
Lee Hyung-ik has sent
the acupuncturist to give you
your treatment, Your Majesty.
Now?
He says without treatment,
the numbness will spread, sir.
Hmm.
[KING INJO GROANS]
Your Majesty,
the chief royal secretary is
here for the funeral oration.
He may enter.
[GROANS]
[GROANING] What's wrong
with my hand?
I can't even hold the brush.
It's a perfectly
natural condition from
treating your illness, sir.
-As time passes, you'll...
-In that case, forget it.
Remove it.
Your Majesty,
if I remove the needle,
the numbness will spread
throughout your body.
Take it out!
-[GROANING]
-If I take out the needle,
you may lose the ability
to use your arms and legs.
CHIEF ROYAL SECRETARY:
Your Majesty,
I don't mean to rush you,
but the sun will rise soon.
The numbness in your hand shows
that the healing has begun.
It's part of the process, sir.
Your Highness,
the first memorial rite
must be done before sunrise...
Yes, I know! Wait!
I need to grab this to write.
[GROANING]
[LEE HYUNG-IK] I have something
to report to His Majesty.
He is receiving
acupuncture right now.
What did you say? From whom?
[KING INJO SIGHS]
You! Who told you
to treat His Majesty
without my permission?
What?
I simply... received orders
to come and treat His Majesty.
And who was it?
Who sent the order?
Didn't you say
that he sent you here?
I've found evidence...
that it was this man who...
poisoned the Crown Prince.
[KING INJO EXHALES]
Come closer.
What is your name?
Cheon, Gyeong-su, Your Majesty.
Gyeong-su.
I'll...
ask you only once.
[HEARTBEAT]
[GROANS]
Who ordered you?
[GROANING]
[GROANS]
All the nerves in your body
pass through this point.
If I insert the needle deeper...
you could die, Your Majesty.
Send everybody away from here.
Why you... you little...
Be gone.
[GRUNTING]
-Guards...
-Your Majesty!
Seize that wretch! Seize him!
Get him!
Get that wretched fool!
GUARD 1: That way!
GUARD 2: Hurry!
[GROANS]
He could cause problems
for us later.
Do you understand?
GUARD 3: Find him!
OFFICER 1:
Keep your heads down lower!
OFFICER 2: Stay down! Stay down!
OFFICER 3: Stay down.
COURT OFFICIAL: We have
500 soldiers assembled
outside the palace.
Everything is ready, sir.
What about the funeral oration?
The King realized
what we were up to.
There still may be a chance.
Cheon grabbed the manuscript
and ran away.
He ran away?
-Where to?
-CHIEF ROYAL SECRETARY:
I'm not sure, sir.
We agreed to meet
at the Council Hall, we should
wait for him there, sir.
I disagree.
We can't trust that blind man.
We could lose our heads
over this, sir.
Send the soldiers away
at once, sir.
GUARD: He's here! This way!
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
This way!
What's the situation?
Hmm.
Well done.
The King has suddenly
gone missing, sir.
The King is missing?
[CHUCKLES]
He must still be in the palace.
Where else would he have to go?
We'll search for him, sir.
-[DOOR CLOSES]
-Go to the chief
guarding the West Gate.
Tell him I sent you,
and he'll let you out.
GYEONG-SU:
The chief royal councilor
sent me, sir.
GUARD 1: What's going on
around here?
GUARD 2: [SIGHS]
It's utter chaos.
GUARD 1: First the Crown Prince,
and now this?
I'm starting to get worried.
GUARD 2: Shut up!
GUARD 1: Prince Seok-chul
has fallen ill now!
GUARD 2: So what?
Royal Physician Lee Hyung-ik
has gone to take care of him.
You son of a bitch!
[GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
You damned blind fool!
How dare you?
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[EXHALES]
Chief Councilor.
Councilor!
Your Highness.
Chief Councilor!
KING INJO: You know,
for a blind man...
you run around quite well,
like a rat.
Pretend you never saw
and never heard anything.
Remain the quiet acupuncturist.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Why get involved
in something like this?
Huh?
Hand me that paper.
Who ordered you to do this?
Was it the councilor,
that bastard?
Did he tell you to kill me
and get that paper?
Or was it...
the Crown Princess?
Huh?
She coaxed my son
to kill me and take my throne.
Now she plans to have him
sit in my place?
What did she tempt you with?
Did she promise you'd be
the head royal physician?
Huh?
Speak! Tell me already,
who ordered you?
Who gave you
the order to kill me?
[DOOR OPENS]
PREMIER CHOI: Have you come here
to look for me, or...
did you come here
to hide, Your Majesty?
Chief Councilor...
you have a very good poker face.
What is it you're thinking?
It's difficult to read you.
Your face
doesn't look well, Your Majesty.
[CHUCKLES]
If you agree to step down now,
I'll agree to spare your life.
What?
Have you forgotten
I'm your King?
How can a King
agree to step down?
Have you forgotten
just who put you on that throne?
Yes, that's right.
So why plot
with the Crown Prince
to have me murdered?
Young scholars
have already assembled
outside the city gates, sir.
Who would serve a king...
who had his own son killed?
You'll use that to...
dethrone me?
And then what?
Do you think the savages
will let you live?
What if they want to kill us all
and place a king
from their own land
on our throne?
Councilor...
listen.
We must band together.
How many years do you think
I have left to live?
When I die, the world
will be inherited by you.
And what if
you change your mind?
[SIGHS] How can I trust you?
In that case...
whom shall I name as my heir
in order to gain your trust?
Lady's Cho's son...
It cannot be him.
Then...
you make the choice...
from one of my other sons.
[SIGHS]
[CHUCKLES]
What will you do
with the Crown Prince's son?
KING INJO: If we
allow the boy to live,
he will avenge
his father's death later.
PREMIER CHOI: Hmm.
Just as a blind man should...
close your eyes to survive.
No one poisoned anyone.
The Crown Prince
died of malaria.
Take the Prince and treat him.
Sir...
But I saw...
His Majesty...
ordered Lee Hyung-ik to kill
the Crown Prince with poison.
The chief councilor
has the evidence you need.
I saw it all clearly.
Now the King...
wants to kill the Prince
as well.
I saw it all.
I saw everything clearly.
How could...
How could a father
kill his very own son?
That bastard!
Don't stand there
and listen to him!
Grab him and take him away,
and behead him at once!
Ah!
[PEOPLE GASPING]
I clearly saw everything.
I saw it.
What are you doing?
Didn't you hear what I said?
Cut his wretched head off now!
I saw everything.
Take him away!
What are you doing?
Take him away at once!
You dare defy...
a royal command?
Nobody defies me.
[GROANS]
Seize him, and kill him!
[GRUNTS]
Now!
Take him away and kill him!
That's a royal command!
Kill them all! [SCREAMS]
Kill him!
[PANTING]
GUARD: What are you doing?
Behead him now.
You saw what happened.
You know what the King did.
How dare they all...
stare at me like this...
Look at those
damn eyes watching me.
[LOW GROAN]
Damn bastards.
Avert those damn eyes.
How dare you!
Have some of this
while you wait.
Here you go. [GIGGLES]
PATIENT 1: Have you heard?
The King is critically ill.
-Is he?
-Mmm.
They're looking for a physician
who can heal him.
-PATIENT 2: Oh, really?
-PATIENT 1: Yeah.
PATIENT 2: Wow.
KING INJO: Bastards...
stay away from me.
Your Majesty.
This acupuncturist
is known to have healed
even dying cows, sir.
I will feel your pulse, sir.
[GROANING]
I don't trust anyone...
Mmm... You...
You've come here to kill me...
Ahh... Guards! Guards...
Guards!
-I shall treat you, sir.
-Who ordered you?
Who ordered you
to come and kill me?
Not again.
[BREATHING HEAVILY] Guards!
You...
You fool...
[MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING]
I am the King...
I am the King, you fool...
[MOANING WEEKLY]
What do you see, sir?
[MUSIC BUILDS]
What was the cause of death?
It's malaria.
[INTENSE INSTRUMENTAL
MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC FADES]
[THRILLING INSTRUMENTAL
MUSIC PLAYING]
[SOLEMN INSTRUMENTAL